The Gaming Room was a client that wished to develop an application to expand one of their current games to multiple platforms. While there was not a significant information provided, I feel I was able to pull out significant needs and requirements. I was able to lay out the strengths and weaknesses of each platform and provide recomendations based on the needs and requirements that were decided on. Working through this document provided a platform to gather more information from the client. It allowed me an oppurtunity to present different options, show stregths and weaknesses of each and let the client choose how they wished to proceed. This was helpful in that it saved time, money, and energy by getting a clear path forward before anything had to be backtracked. If I could improve on anything, I would revise the evaluation section to make it more clear and understandable for the client as they are the inteded "user". While some of the needs were explicitly stated, some were more abstract but easy to assume. For example, it was never stated that the client wanted to keep costs down and that they wanted to get it done quickly, it was safe to assume any standard for profit business will have cost and time in mind when evaluating their options. I liked having a step by step process. I think providing a large pile of information to a cliet all at once could be very overwhelming for them. Providing small parts at a time and having communication between each step, things can be revised and further explained if needed while at the same time things can remain calm and manageable. The use of a UML diagram is very helpful for both the client and engineer sides in giving an effective road map for how to complete the project.
